Update dataflows-premium-workload-configuration.md (#3099)
MicrosoftDocs/powerbi-docs: powerbi-docs/transform-model/dataflows/dataflows-premium-workload-configuration.md

5. Do both of the previous steps, allowing for an even higher degree of parallelism, because you get more cooks and a bigger kitchen.
    

> 6. If the steps in this section don't provide the desired degree of parallelism, consider upgrading your capacity to a higher SKU. <!--It is not clear what the following sentence means.-->Then follow steps the previous steps in this section again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If the steps in this section don't provide the desired degree of parallelism, consider upgrading your capacity to a higher SKU. Then follow the previous steps in this sequence again.
```
